Swagger plugins support (#3056)
domaindrivendev/Swashbuckle.AspNetCore: README.md

    c.MaxDisplayedTags(5);
    c.ShowExtensions();
    c.ShowCommonExtensions();

>     c.Plugins = new string[]{"myCustomPlugin"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    c.Plugins = ["myCustomPlugin"];
```

    c.EnableValidator();
    c.SupportedSubmitMethods(SubmitMethod.Get, SubmitMethod.Head);
    c.UseRequestInterceptor("(request) => { return request; }");
    c.UseResponseInterceptor("(response) => { return response; }");
});
```

> _NOTE: When adding custom plugins, make sure you added custom `js` file that defines the plugin function._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]  
> When adding custom plugins, make sure you add any custom `js` files that define the plugin function(s)._
```

Author: `[!NOTE]` is not rendered

    c.UseResponseInterceptor("(response) => { return response; }");
});
```

>  [!NOTE]
>  When adding custom plugins, make sure you added custom `js` file that defines the plugin function.

Reviewer: Needs the `>` characters.

```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> When adding custom plugins, make sure you add any custom `js` files that defines the plugin function(s).
```

    c.UseResponseInterceptor("(response) => { return response; }");
});
```

 > [!NOTE]

>  > When adding custom plugins, make sure you added custom `js` file that defines the plugin function(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 > When adding custom plugins, make sure you add any custom `js` files that defines the plugin function(s).
```

Please accept the full suggestions, rather than just parts of them.

Reviewer: Also, please don't self-resolve the review comments - I'll resolve them when I'm happy they're dealt with as requested.
